##Medical/non-profit donation craigslist
Documentation base: https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B9P89-HBe68zVjB1UURLWVpxN0k
* US hospitals have tons of surplus equipment they no longer use or need (or they're expired).
* There are tons of hospitals in 3rd world countries (or poorer parts of the US) that would love to have these things and would pay to have them shipped.
* Upon successful receipt of the items, we can have the receivers verify it through the site and send a "receipt" for donor tax purposes. There can also be some kind of internal rating mechanic to weed out bad donors.
* We can verify validity of US non-profits or hospitals by their publicly available 501-c3 info.
* People who have can basically say they have X items, they work or don't work, and have their contact info. Verified organizations can send a request for items to the donors  and shipment can be worked out between the parties.
* We have access to a physician who can be an external stakeholder and has various contacts in different organizations that would be eligible.

##Setup
###Scaffolding
Project uses [bumm](https://github.com/saintedlama/bumm) scaffolding.  Initial model used command:
```bash
bumm scaffold item title:string:required:true description:string:required:true category:string:required:true condition:string:required:true
```


##Project Links
* [Project Documentation](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B9P89-HBe68zVjB1UURLWVpxN0k&usp=drive_web)
* [A link to our slack channel](https://agilesoftwaredev.slack.com/messages/tonys/)
* [Our product backlog](https://trello.com/b/M7WweWDm/final-project-initial-backlog)

#Sprint 1 Delivery

## Working product link:
http://starfleet.stormbeard.net/items

##Unit Testing / Code Coverage

The team used the mocha test runner framework in combination with the
chai assert library to create automated tests.  The istanbul code
coverage framework was used to measure code coverage and the output
from istanbul can be found at the following [here](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/48336796/lcov-report/medical-interchange/routes/item.js.html)

Our code coverage goal was to provide adequate code coverage for code
developed by the team and avoid writing unit tests for code which was
generated by our framework tool.  The 2 main areas of interest in code
coverage are models and routes.  The models section of the code is
covered at 100% and represents the database model.  A link to
the models coverage can be found [here](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/48336796/lcov-report/medical-interchange/models/index.html)

The second area of code coverage interest is routes.  The framework
generated a lot of route code so our goal was to provide adequate code
coverage for code which the team developed to implement features.
Within the route section of the report, item.js is the main file of
interest where the team added features.  Item.js is covered at 91.43%
which the team considered adequate.  A link to coverage for
routes.js can be found [here](file:///C:/Users/Will/Dropbox/Public/lcov-report/medical-interchange/routes/item.js.html)

A link to our travis automated unit test report for
our latest commit showing that all unit tests pass can be found [here](https://travis-ci.org/ggerrein/medical-interchange)

##Mobbing / Pairing
All code was written using mobbing and pairing techniques described in
class.

## Automated Build System
We used Jenkins for our build pipeline.  Whenever a commit/push is made into our Master branch of our project Git repository, Jenkins will do a build on its server, and if that passes, it will push that code change to our production AWS server.  
